We are all connected in the great struggle of life.
These knee pictures presents its all-new 30-second full-length animated motion picture, the Lion King.
He was born to rule.
He's a little boy.
Everything the light touches, but a shadow lies over the kingdom.
I will make him.
Run away and never return.
No!
If you ever come back, we'll kill ya!
Hey, get what did ya?
I don't want to talk about it.
He looks blue.
I'd say brownish gold.
No, no, no.
I mean, he's depressed.
Anything we can do.
Not unless you can change the past.
He grew up hoping to leave his old life behind.
I know you are.
You're move faster, boy.
You are the king.
King?
Have you got your Lions crossed?
You know my father?
Correction?
I know your father.
He died.
How long time ago?
Nope, thrown again.
He's alive.
I saw him to you.
Father?
You are my son.
And the one true king.
You see, he lives in you.
You must take your place in the circle of life.
Simmer!
It's a legendary tale filled with excitement.
Plus dozens of wonderful new characters.
Why do I always have to save you now?
And featuring original music and songs by Grammy winner Elton John
and Academy Award winner Tim Rice.
This summer, Walt Disney Pictures presents
an entertainment event you will never forget.